Although we were taught in school that the pyramids of Giza were built to be
tombs for the pharaohs.
There's significant evidence that completely contradicts this.
And in this video,
I'm gonna connect the dots on several key pieces of evidence that have been
seemingly left out of our school textbooks that will show any reasonable person
that clearly the, these things were built to be something far different. Now,
let me just say,
I'm not saying that the dynastic Egyptians that we're so familiar with never
utilized these as tombs.
I mean, take, for example, the step pyramid of Sakara,
which I mean shares no resemblance whatsoever to that of the pyramids of Giza,
the size and precision of the stone blocks, the internal structure,
nothing about it, shares any of the characteristics of that,
of the great pyramid.
And it's interesting because the mainstream will tell you that this pyramid was
built 2000 years after that, of the great pyramid of Giza.
So why is the technology regressing? I mean, that is interesting,
but this pyramid actually did have burial sites and they were dated at 2,600
years ago. So again, 2000 years after the great pyramids of Giza now,
before I keep going, if you haven't seen my other videos,
I discussed the overwhelming evidence of the global Lys that happened 13,000
and 11,600 years ago,
which included a sudden and rapid 400 foot rise in global sea levels.
So essentially it was a reset button for whatever civilization was alive at that
time. And the survivors of it came and found Egypt and started building there
themselves. And the pyramid of Sakara is an example of this,
but what you will find incredibly interesting is that despite the tens of
thousands of petroglyphs and hieroglyphs located throughout ancient Egypt,
not a single one of them show us anything about how they built the pyramids or
the Spinks itself.
But what's even more interesting is that they literally carved in stone detailed
lineage of the pharaohs dating back more than 30,000 years.
But despite the fact that the ancient Egyptians left us no indication of how
they built the spins or the pyramids,
the mainstream has all kinds of different theories and how they could have done.
So particularly that of pulley systems, which are backed by zero evidence,
they have never found a single pulley anywhere in Egypt from the,
from the ancients.
So it's interesting that they throw out that theory and it's not backed by any
evidence whatsoever, which just contradicts what science is all about.
So I just find that interesting and not to mention when you really start looking
at these methods that they outline, I mean, come on,
do you really think they built these cranes up to the top of the pyramid?
I mean, when you look how high up these are,
another common theory is that they layered dirt and just built its way up the
pyramid in order to sled these massive stone blocks. And that's how they did it.
But I mean, give me a break. It's a 500 foot tall pyramid.
And although the mainstream,
isn't really saying that they layered dirt 500 feet high,
how high do they think they did it? It doesn't make sense.
There's no evidence for it.
And it's certainly doesn't justify how they stack these blocks up at the top of
this pyramid. And by the way, yes,
I've seen Wally from Michigan demonstrate this incredibly clever way of moving a
stone block all by himself, 20 tons, in fact,
but are you telling me that this was done at the top of that pyramid?
I mean really,
did they even have the ability to channel water and hose away the sand in order
to make this thing lift itself?
And when you look at just how steep the pyramid is, guys, it doesn't make sense.
That's clearly not what they did at the top of this pyramid.
And although it's very clever and yes, you can lift a stone all by yourself.
It doesn't make sense when you consider all details about the pyramid
themselves. And by the way,
most people are not aware of the incredible precision that it took to make this
pyramid. The foundation of itself is a complete mystery,
750 feet wide at its base covering more than 13.1 acres.
And it's somehow leveled perfectly from one side to the other,
to within a half an inch guys,
not something that was possible until just a few decades ago through the use of
laser leveling. So how in the world did they do this?
Why in the world did they go to an extent to make something so big and so
massive if it was just supposed to be a tomb? I mean,
we're talking 481 feet high, so I'm from Phoenix.
And when you look at the skyline here,
the chase tower is the tallest building in Phoenix, 38,
483 feet high. So basically identical to the great pyramid.
And when you look at here in downtown,
I mean the great pyramid of Giza would basically take up half of the downtown in
itself. That's incredible. This compare this to the valley of the Kings,
where we know we have found, well, at least 68 pharaohs so far,
there's possibly hundreds of others. I mean, there's many chain.
They haven't even found yet as they keep finding new ones. In fact,
one of the individual chambers has more than 130 chambers of itself. I mean,
this place is absolutely massive.
And it must be mentioned that the mainstream claims that they built the valley
of the Kings after the pyramids, in order to thwart grave robbers.
But that contradicts itself. I mean,
when you look at the pyramids in these small tunnels, I mean,
we're talking three feet by three feet wide,
and then you look at the valley of the Kings,
which have these massive entry ways, these incredible galleries,
and not to mention these paintings or hieroglyphs all over the place,
the pyramids have nothing like that.
And don't forget all the big name pharaohs that were buried there. King Tut,
Ramsey's the second.
And that's not for get how significant Ramsey I second was apparently throughout
ancient Egypt. I mean, his statue is found throughout the entire country.
I mean, this guy had his own temple called the temple of Ramsey's allegedly.
And this thing was absolutely massive.
This guy was of significant importance and yet they chose to bury him at the
valley of the Kings and take a look at these two photos of other tombs
throughout ancient Egypt. You see these hieroglyphs and petroglyphs.
It's incredible.
And when we compare these known tombs to that of the interior of the pyramid is
I'm about to show you you'll see that they don't have one single petroglyph or
hieroglyph throw any of these pyramids of Giza. Now, when you enter the pyramid,
like I said, there's a three by three foot tunnel shaft,
and this tunnel shaft can take you to a subterranean chamber.
And when you look at these photos and there's so few you of them,
because the Egyptian authorities don't allow it,
it just makes you wonder if this was used for something else.
Mainstream will tell you is just an unfinished burial chamber,
but I don't know guys,
why dig three stories down through limestone bedrock just to do that.
But as you go through the tunnel shaft,
if you decide to go up instead of down to the subterranean chamber, again,
three feet by three feet, oh, and keep in mind.
When you look at these wood steps, we put those there.
This was just a smooth shaft. And of course the Egyptologists say,
that's just too thwart the grave Roberts,
which again reminds me of the valley of the Kings,
cuz they didn't do any of that.
And after traveling almost a couple hundred feet through this ton,
you'll get to, what's called the grand gallery, which has insane acoustic, uh,
abilities.
I highly recommend you just simply YouTube people have videos of this,
where they do the home sound. And it's incredible,
even though you're listening to it through camera,
which just never does it justice it further validates that this site may have
had a more sophisticated purpose. I mean,
is it just a coincidence that these baffling chamber are like this? And again,
you'll see a complete absence of hieroglyphs or petroglyphs anywhere inside
here. If you go to the red pyramid in Dar shore,
this chamber is five stories tall and the acoustics are absolutely
incredible, but here's where things really start to get interesting.
So back at the great pyramid of Giza, the King's chamber,
just look at this at absolutely incredible structure,
which is not even visible from within the chamber itself. I mean,
if you look at the roof here,
you can't see these interesting stack layers of blocks,
which make you want I these slabs,
what were these used for when you just simply look at this and consider the fact
that it's not part of decoration, it makes you wonder what this was for,
because I, I would consider this evidence of something far more sophisticated.
Why do this? And it goes beyond the realm of just structural integrity. I mean,
I can understand the Chevron stack blocks within the Queens chamber. I mean,
take a look at the Queens chamber real quick,
which also has incredible acoustic, uh, abilities.
And you also notice in the Queens chamber that small passageway.
Now let's go back to the Kings chamber and you'll see the same thing there.
But what stands out in the King's chamber is of course this sarcophagus and it's
easy just to look at this and be like, oh, well this place was a tomb,
but there's some details that you may have not have heard. First of all,
mainstream archeologists and Egyptologists do agree that the construction of
this sarcophagus is significantly less area than that of the stone blocks that
encompass the chamber itself. They describe the cut marks on it.
It's very shotty. And clearly besides the fact that it's broken,
many people will suggest that this was constructed after the pyramid itself.
And when you look at these older photographs,
there's clearly other stuff in here. I mean,
look at these broken blocks that in my opinion,
do not appear to be part of a seal for this sarcophagus.
It's evidence that there was more things in this chamber and over the last
hundreds and thousands of years, who knows what happened in there,
what was taken out, I mean,
even pay attention to the missing stone blocks at the bottom on the flooring
there in the corner that show you that, well,
maybe this is just part of something completely different than what we're
looking at today. And by the way,
that's sarcophagus is not even centered in that room. There's no paintings,
there's no etch stone. And again,
when you consider these stacked slabs above it that you can't even see from
within the tube itself, guys,
I think we're looking at something far more sophisticated. And of course,
when you see these massive stone slabs from within inside the chamber,
which by the way, this is granite, about 60% of the pyramid is from limestone.
That was cured on site,
but most people are not aware that a significant amount of these blocks,
maybe a million came from 500 miles away from the Osan Qury,
but why would they go to the extent to get the internal stones from 500
miles away? Why did they choose to go from limestone to granite?
Isn't that possible evidence that this had an actual purpose? I mean,
I once say it's aesthetics, would you? And by the way,
this is what it looks like today. They've removed all the other blocks.
They filled up the flooring, uh, from the tile that was missing,
which I think was actually not supposed to be there in the first place.
And any evidence that there was other things in there has since removed.
And I just find that to be well, I just don't like it.
I wanna see what it looked like. At least when we found it,
who knows what happened there a thousand years ago. Right?
But another point that you need to know is that we haven't even found all the
chambers.
You may have seen it in the news that they've identified that there's another
chamber in the pyramid that getting ready to do excavation,
they're trying to identify which stone blocks it's specifically at.
So we know to drill.
But obviously there's all kinds of outstanding questions here that are not
answered.
And then when you also look at the other incredible stone structures around the
Giza plateau, I mean, look at this. What is that? When you look at that,
does that not just look like, I don't know, a machine of some kind,
which of course brings me to an incredible quote by the legendary John Anthony
West few things in this world are more predictable than the reaction of
conventional minds to unconventional ideas and history supports this guys.
Unfortunately, new ideas are always shunned by the masses,
by the mainstream and the mainstream archeologists scientists,
Egyptologists guys. They're no, they're,
they're people they're no different than the establishment that exists in the
media or our politicians.
And you just ultimately see that people look out for themselves more than look
out for the masses.
And I highly recommend that you look into the works of John Anthony West because
he outlines an epic detail through his lifetime work of investigation of the
sites around ancient Egypt.
That clearly these sites were part of something Mar far more sophisticated.
And again, this brings me back to all the interesting things about the pyramids.
Why make them so big? Could they even have done it? Well,
someone did it clearly,
but why is there no evidence whatsoever for any of these pulley systems?
Why did the, uh,
dynastic Egyptians leave us not a single explanation on anything they didn't out
of all the things they etched in stone wrote in paintings all over throughout
ancient Egypt, they just leave out anything about the pyramids or the Finks.
I mean, come on. That's really interesting.
And then when you compare it to known tombs of, of Egypt,
like the valley of the Kings, I mean, come on guys, there's something off here.
Just look at it and think for yourself. That's what's most important. Anyways,
guys, I'm gonna close this up, but give me a thumbs up.
If you think that the pyramids of Giza were built to be something other than a
burial chamber for the pharaohs. Anyways, guys, I'm Jimmy.
This is bright insight.
I have many other videos to come and a whole wide variety of topics. Take care,
everybody.